README.rst, before:


=========
Dinospeak
=========

Dinospeak is a library to encode human language to dinosaur language.
You know, in case they come back to life or invade us using dino spaceships.

Dinospeak is optimized for small strings (eg. micro-blogging) and aims in
preserving punctuation.

Source code repo: https://github.com/glezos/dinospeak


Installing
==========

You can install using the standard ``setuptools``::

  (sudo) easy_install dinospeak

With sudo, dinospeak will be installed eg. in
``/usr/lib/python2.6/site-packages/dinospeak-0.x-py2.6.egg/``.

The current implementation depends on smaz_. The above command should
install it automatically for you.

.. _smaz: http://github.com/antirez/smaz

Alternatively, grab the source code itself::

  git clone git://github.com/glezos/dinospeak.git


Running
=======

There's a test file which produces some results from the library::

    $ python <path-to-dinospeak>/test.py

    In:@aethaeth blah.
    Out: @mawwnawachg hcggggr.

    In:@glezos Hello man, how are you?
    Out: @wheuaarewmun mrcwmemgwgauw eewca, eacga mmc wmggc?

    String length comparisons: max: 274%, min: 140%, avg: 217%


Authors & Credits
=================

Original author: Dimitris Glezos

Thanks to Ios Kaye and Vasilis Georgitzikis for some cool implementation ideas.
Thanks to #ceidtrip for embracing a plastic dino like their own child.

Commit message:

Funnier tests, updated readme slightly.

README.rst, after:


=========
Dinospeak
=========

Dinospeak is a library to encode human language to dinosaur language.
You know, in case they come back to life or invade us using dino spaceships.

Dinospeak is optimized for small strings (eg. micro-blogging) and aims in
preserving punctuation.

Source code repo: https://github.com/glezos/dinospeak


Examples
========

In:  Dinosaur-human alliance for the win.
Out: amhnceahermrwennw-grehwehhg muachacwaw nu m mnnhh.
36→50 chr, diff: 138%

In:  @glezos This is absurd! They will devour us right away.
Out: @wheuaarewmun mnnnaawe ga muncrhmweru! muhmh egwmgrw ncaecgn mne
mcmneaguhc gmarmm.
55→83 chr, diff: 150%

In:  @glezos Devouring humanity in progress. Please rule us.
Out: @wheuaarewmun wachnurhmcueehe mcchagwmmmahwg mh whcngmwcwugu.
mrcwwnchuguae acnwea mne.
55→87 chr, diff: 158%

String length comparisons: max: 158%, min: 138%, avg: 149%


Installing
==========

You can install using the standard ``setuptools``::

  (sudo) easy_install dinospeak

With sudo, dinospeak will be installed eg. in
``/usr/lib/python2.6/site-packages/dinospeak-0.x-py2.6.egg/``.

The current implementation depends on smaz_. The above command should
install it automatically for you.

.. _smaz: http://github.com/antirez/smaz

Alternatively, grab the source code itself::

  git clone git://github.com/glezos/dinospeak.git

To run the tests::

    $ python <path-to-dinospeak>/test.py


Authors & Credits
=================

Original author: Dimitris Glezos

Thanks to Ios Kaye and Vasilis Georgitzikis for some cool implementation ideas.
Thanks to #ceidtrip for embracing a plastic dino like their own child.
